AI Vision / Image recognition
  Detects unknown vehicle
  A

Aimmo LLM / NLP
Customized Data Solutions



About us

AIMMO creates a large volume of training data accurately and quickly so that more industries and enterprises can utilize AI. 
Our latest product, AIMMO Enterprise, is a web-based, self-serve data annotation platform that is packed with features just you need.
Its intuitive UI is easy-to-use and the annotation tools are super efficient. Plus, AIMMO Enterprise comes with custom workflow designs, 
labeler analytics, and real-time communication functions, all free of charge. We also provide a team of skilled annotators through our Annotation Workforce Service, 
an end-to-end turnkey solution to your data needs. With AIMMO, you get an extended team of experts. Our data scientists will work closely with you
to deliver you the right training data. Try AIMMO Enterprise at cloud.aimmo.ai Or talk to our experts at biz@aimmo.co.kr about how AIMMO can help you AIMMO Enterprise supports: 
•Sensor Fusion Cuboids 
•Sensor Fusion Segmentation 
•Video Annotation 
•Semantic Segmentation 
•Face Landmark 
•Natural Language Processing 
•2D Boxes 
•Polygons 
•3D Cuboids 
•Lines & Splits 
•Skeletons 
•Voice Recognition
          

Website
http://aimmo.ai 
Industry
Software Development
Company size
51-200 employees
Headquarters
성남시, 분당구
Type
Privately Held
Founded
2016

Data Labeling Platforms
AIMMO’s Autonomous Driving Data as a Service (AD-DaaS) provides data collection processing services specialising in the autonomous driving sector, which accounts
for the largest portion of the unstructured data market. AIMMO’s AD-DaaS is based on the data collected by the self-driving data collection vehicle designed by AIMMO.
The data collection, curation, labeling, and analysis processes are performed to advance the self-driving model algorithm.
AIMMO collaborates on various projects with automakers around the world and AD-DaaS significantly improves the quality of data supplied to support the algorithm.
